DOC-12574: 3.2.1 Maintenance Release (#821)
couchbase/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/revisions.adoc

=== Control
You can control the size of the revision cache using the {configuration-schema-database--xref--cache--rev-cache} settings within the configuration file, specifically:

* xref:configuration-schema-database.adoc#cache-rev_cache-max_memory_count_mb[rev_cache.max_memory_count_mb]

* {configuration-schema-database--xref--cache--rev-cache--shard-count}

* {configuration-schema-database--xref--cache--rev-cache--size}

> [#lbl-max-memory]

Reviewer: @ElliotFrancisHunter this config should be colocated with the other rev cache size config, size. Shouldn't have sharding which is unrelated in between them.

These two configs work hand in hand as it is very well explained in the db config page: 

> When set this memory limit will work in in hand with revision cache size parameter. So you will potentially get eviction at revision cache both based off memory footprint and number of items in the cache. 

We should communicate to users what the connection between those two configs is (controlling size of rev cache) and the implications for setting both that is outlined in the quote above. Maybe even have them colocated in a subsection. Thoughts?

Author: Done

=== Control
You can control the size of the revision cache using the {configuration-schema-database--xref--cache--rev-cache} settings within the configuration file, specifically:

* xref:configuration-schema-database.adoc#cache-rev_cache-max_memory_count_mb[rev_cache.max_memory_count_mb]

* {configuration-schema-database--xref--cache--rev-cache--shard-count}

* {configuration-schema-database--xref--cache--rev-cache--size}

[#lbl-cache-limit-config]
=== Cache Limit Configuration

> There are two ways to configure the size of the revision cache: through memory in MB using xref:configuration-schema-database.adoc#cache-rev_cache-max_memory_count_mb[`rev_cache.max_memory_count_mb`], and through size in number of document revisions in cache xref:configuration-schema-database.adoc#cache-rev_cache_size[`rev_cache.size`]. 

Reviewer 2: Tightening up the wording

```suggestion
There are two ways to configure the size of the revision cache: set a memory limit in MB using xref:configuration-schema-database.adoc#cache-rev_cache-max_memory_count_mb[`rev_cache.max_memory_count_mb`], or set the maximum number of document revisions in cache using xref:configuration-schema-database.adoc#cache-rev_cache_size[`rev_cache.size`]. 
```

> These configurations allow you to configure both limits to the number of documents and the maximum memory usage within the rev cache to reduce the risk of OOM issues.

Reviewer 3: "OOM issues" isn't defined or linked.

Reviewer 3: (here, later, and in whatsnew.adoc)

If both configs are set, this results in eviction behavior of the rev cache based on both the memory footprint and number of items in the cache. If any of these limits are reached, cache eviction will be performed.

Use the {configuration-schema-database--xref--cache--rev-cache--size} setting to specify the total number of document revisions to be cached in memory for all (recently accessed) documents.

When the revision cache is full, Sync Gateway will remove older document revisions to make room for newer ones.

By adjusting this setting you can fine-tune Sync Gateway's memory consumption.
This can be useful when working on servers with limited memory and in cases when Sync Gateway creates and-or updated many new documents relative to the number of read operations.

> You can use the xref:configuration-schema-database.adoc#cache-rev_cache-max_memory_count_mb[`rev_cache.max_memory_count_mb`] setting to specify the maximum amount of memory the revision cache should take up in MB, setting the value to `0` will disable any eviction based on memory at rev cache. 

Reviewer 2: Punctuation typo

```suggestion
You can use the xref:configuration-schema-database.adoc#cache-rev_cache-max_memory_count_mb[`rev_cache.max_memory_count_mb`] setting to specify the maximum amount of memory the revision cache should take up in MB.
Setting the value to `0` will disable any eviction based on memory at rev cache. 
```

=== Control
You can control the size of the revision cache using the {configuration-schema-database--xref--cache--rev-cache} settings within the configuration file, specifically:

* xref:configuration-schema-database.adoc#cache-rev_cache-max_memory_count_mb[rev_cache.max_memory_count_mb]

* {configuration-schema-database--xref--cache--rev-cache--shard-count}

* {configuration-schema-database--xref--cache--rev-cache--size}

[#lbl-max-memory]
=== Maximum Memory

include::partial$block-caveats.adoc[tags=ee-only-feature]

You can specify the maximum amount of memory the revision cache should take up in MB, setting the value to `0` will disable any eviction based on memory at rev cache. 

> When set, this maximum memory limit will work with the `cache.rev_cache.size` parameter, allowing you to configure limits to the number of documents and the maximum memory usage within the rev cache to reduce the risk of OOM issues.

Reviewer 4: Slight wording tweak to clarify the interaction between both settings, but I am open to other opinions.

```suggestion
When set, this maximum memory limit will work in conjunction with the `cache.rev_cache.size` parameter, allowing you to configure limits to the number of documents and the maximum memory usage within the rev cache to reduce the risk of OOM issues.
```

Author: Happy to make that change. Done!
